Wake up
Sister Qin
You are truly blinded by hatred
You've been provoking me all this time
I'm just fighting back
How nice it would be if you never fought back
Just let me keep getting angry, won't I be relieved?
You are really crazy
You and the bear are a match made in heaven
I want you dead now.
Don't waste your time.
The drug I injected you with
You can't afford it at all
Goodbye midnight incense
Ah!
Your Majesty
Xianchi is looking for Ye Banxia?
It's too late, he's burned beyond recognition
Clean up our business and count it later
smile
Smile, Mr. Qin, you will die
The food is too big
How do you still know that Xiao Feng is here again? Don't look at Mr. Qin.
You will die
I listened to you before
But this time you must not go there
Kai
Mr. Qi
Ah!
Chiaki, I'm dying
Help me take care of my children and mother
I'll go first
Kneel down kneel down
Mr. Qin Mr. Qin